Episode 3
Oh, Udon-ya.
I'm sorry.
I'm drunk.
Do you know the man named Taihei?
I know him. He's a craftsman.
He's a good man. He has a big heart.
His wife is a Saki. He's a good man.
His daughter is a flower. She's a good girl.
You know him?
He's a craftsman. He's a good man.
When you went to his house, he sat in front of you.
His daughter came out and said,
I'm a man. He was so happy.
Everyone knows that I'm surprised.
You saw him somewhere.
Udon-ya, come to my house.
You know my house, don't you?
I know. I'm from Sen.
You don't know?
You know everything.
Come to my house.
Hello, boss.
What?
I'm sorry, but I want to eat a lot of udon.
I can cook udon.
I can cook rice cake with sake.
But I don't want to drink water.
I don't want to drink water.
It's not a water bottle.
Do you want to drink a lot?
I like it.
You have a good taste.
I'll eat it.
I'm sorry.
You're not good at cooking.
The noodles are fine.
It's okay.
What's that?
I can't find a chopstick.
It's a chopstick.
Chopstick?
I don't have any.
Do you have any?
I have some green onions.
The green onions are in the dirty lunch box.
I thought the green onions were big.
But they're so big.
Why did you change the color?
I didn't change the color.
There's a little bit of blue in there.
You're lying.
There's only blue in there.
There's not a little bit of white in there.
Whatever you say.
Don't open it.
There's something else in there.
There's a seven-leaf clover.
It looks like a small pot.
It's not coming out.
You have to draw a line.
That's a lid.
There's a small line next to it.
I don't need this line.
You can't do that.
You can't throw it away.
Don't say that.
You're not a single line.
If it's that important, please give me a good work.